v1.20 changelog
	Misc fixes
		Forge updated to 12.18.3.2281
		Added support to CraftTweaker
		Models and rendering update
		Minor fixes and cleaning

v1.19 changelog
	Some minor fixes

v1.18 changelog
	Misc Fixes
		Added a whitelist array for additional dimensions (excluding those separately configured).

v1.17 changelog
	Config additions
		The default amount of molten bloom for each iron ore can be also set from config
		The default fuel value of each tier coal can be set from config
	Iron Tiers
		Reworked the ore textures to fit more the vanilla style
		The modded Goethite ore will no longer generate.
		Replaced by the renamed vanilla iron ore being them supposed to be equivalent
		Modded Goethite eventually available in the mod for further usage
	Misc fixes
		Some code cleaning
		Some recipes and tooltip updates
		Changed the ore names to include "iron" for an easy search
		Added a "listAllcoal" oredict entry to include all the coal types for recipe purposes (false by default).
	Integrations
		Added the ores in modded dimensions with specific systems (dimension parameters must fit the original mod ones)
			Aroma1997 Mining Dimension (to be enabled) 
			ExtraUtilities DeepDark dimension (to be enabled)

v1.16 changelog
	Misc Fixes
		Fixed some machine dropping issue
		Bloomery will retain fuel and fluid data when removed
	Rockhounding API
		Archive updated
		Refiner and Pallet recipes added to the recipe api
		Added the machines recipe removal methods to the recipe API

v1.15 changelog
	Misc fixes
		Fixed some stacking issue
		Some code

v1.14 changelog
	Misc fixes
		Fixed an issue with blocks
		Some JEI updates
		Some code cleaning

v1.13 changelog
	Misc fixes
	Disabled via config the vanilla iron ore crafting
	Added the Bloomery to the recipes api
	Minor recipe tweaks
	Minor generic tweaks
	Some code cleanin

v1.12 changelog
	Misc Fixes
	Updated Forge to latest version (1.10.2-12.18.3.2185)
	Slightly fixed the Bloomery model to nicely blend with the hopper
	Minor JEI addition

v1.11 changelog
	Misc
		Some gui fixes
		Some item fixes

v1.10 changelog
	Fixed a wrong recipe
	Misc fixes

v1.09 changelog
	Balanced the recipe to 500mb of Molten Bloom per ingot
	misc fixes

v1.08 changelog
	Added the Bloomery (harder alternative to iron ores smelting)
	Enabled from the config (true by default)
		false: basic smelting (lumps/pellets/ingots), higher yeld
		true: bloomery process, lower yeld
		Iron ores will produce a different quantity of Molten Iron Bloom
		Needs fuel to melt, a Forge Hammer to cast ingots, a Draining Valve to output the fluid
		Added the Molten Iron Bloom fluid and bucket
	Misc fixes
		Some code and gui fixes
		Book updated
		Wiki updated

v1.07 changelog
	Code cleaning and device fixes
	Added jei support
	Added general enablers for both coal and iron tiers

v1.06 changelog Config regen suggested to clean the old values
	Peat drier recipe bug
	Spawning settings reworked
	Setting Frequency at zero will disable the specific ore
	Added to config the min/max vein size for each ore

v1.05 changelog
	Some code cleaning

v1.04 changelog
	Book updated
	Some code cleaning
	Added Smouldering coal deposits (Coal seam fires)
		Clouds of burning coal, may spread fire when broken
		sets on fire on collision
		Needs to be washed on a filled cauldron to estinguish into a coal block

v1.03 changelog (Ore Tiers)
	Improved all the jsons
	Basic Coal Refiner
		Model updated
		Can be heated by turning on a fire under the block
		If under the block there is an extracting hopper, the torch/fire can be placed beneath the hopper.

v1.02 changelog (Ore Tiers)
	Tweaked some spawning occurrences
		Anthracite will no longer spawn in dead biomes.
		Anthracite will spawn at half frequency in sandy biomes.
		Peat will spawn at double frequency in wet biomes.
		Coal should not spawn under the oceans.
	Added the Peat Drying Pallet (with GUI).
		Slowly turns Moist Peat Chunks into Dried Peat.
		Working time: 2400 ticks.
		Peat coal icon and localized name reworked into Moist Peat Chunk.
		Dried Peat icon reworked.
	Added the Basic Coal Refiner (with GUI).
		Slowly turns some coal types into a better tier through pre-combustion.
		Lignite turns into vanilla coal.
		Vanilla coal turns into bituminous coal.
		Requires a torch beneath the device for heating.
		Working time: 3200 ticks.
	Generic code fixes.
	Book updated.

v1.01 changelog (Ore Tiers)
	Guide book was not correctly formatting and storing the text
